Speaker 1: So I want to welcome all of you to this session we're going to talk a little about, uh,  movement, migration, and home.
Speaker 1: In this theme of us moving of about the, uh, there is so much movement that affects our lives and our personality.
Speaker 1: And the question that we often ask ourselves is where then is our home?
Speaker 1: I mean, you're moving generationally across different places or we're moving, uh, geographically across the international lines or within the city itself.
Speaker 1: So what we have here is assembled a group of people that will get to that question.
Speaker 1: But before I get to that, I have some commercials. Uh, remember the circus arch is right over there - 50th anniversary of the festival it's a great event.
Speaker 1: Isn't it? And in, ah, ah, please, on the move program, this particular one here is supported by Smithsonian Latino Center, the Asian Pacific American Center, the American Anthropological Association.
Speaker 1: The collaboration's a wonderful community organizations that include the Anacostia Community Museum.
Speaker 1: They're doing some wonderful projects with the uh, uh, neighborhood voices programs in DC.
Speaker 1: There's also National Museum of American History. Please sure, be sure to go visit them.
Speaker 1: They have a new exhibit on immigration in the United States.
Speaker 1: And On the Move, uh, On the Move advisory committee is formed by many organization individuals here and they're involved in culture, social justice in the Washington area.
Speaker 1: It's a wonderful place to meet wonderful people, especially like Olivia right there whose program managing sneaks in.
Speaker 1: Wave to her because she was one of the organized, wait,[[clapping and "yay" cheering]] so be sure to give a shout out to all of the people in the black t-shirts - which I didn't get one by the way [[speaker laughs]].
Speaker 1: Anyway, youth advisory council and, of course, the US Immigration and Services, ah, was one of our collaborators.
Speaker 1: The Smithsonian Folklife Festival has sponsors - National Park's Service is one and WAAU Radio is another one that we should all make sure to give them out a shout-out for.
Speaker 1: So, what I'm going to do is, like I said, theme of migration moving around generationally as well as geographically. And as we move, we find that that liberates us.  That allows us to do all kinds of things, uh, experiment with different ideas and do things which are not part of might of been our stereotype or holdback; allows us to experiment and do a lot of things in America.  So, quintessentially, a place where people migrated to and within the United States as well. So what I want to do is allow each of these people, young people and a little bit older people from different parts of the country and from different parts of the United States, say a little bit about themselves and their program, and then I hope that we can have a dialogue that allows each of you also to share amongst yourselves and with the audience some ideas of what migration means to you. But also where do you define home, in the place where you're moving about. Let's start with Tom who is a long time China, DC Chinatown resident and in homage to the last program, he is also a rapper [[speaker laughs]] and so, Tom Speaker 2: Hi, I'm Tom Faulk.  Thanks for coming out and sharing the good weather with us.  My two grandfathers came out her from Toisan China. One in 1892 and one in 1904 and we've been in Washington DC ever since. So my kids are fourth generation [[uh]] Chinese Americans and we actually like to be known as Americans of Chinese descent cause we really should be struggling and fighting and trying to get to a place where we are all just Americans, not Chinese Americans. Speaker 1: So next, Michael, a longtime resident of DC in all his long years there, but anyway.  Tell us a little bit about yourself, your background and what do you think of his home. Speaker 3: Alright, I'm Michael Myers.  I'm 17 and I've lived around the DC area for my entire life.  Uh, my mom is from Panama so I'm Afro-Latino; and my dad was actually born here, so I've always considered home kind of what I choose it to be at the times and it kind of depends with the people I'm around.  If I'm around my mom's family, I've always considered myself Panamanian, but if I'm around my dad's family, I'm an African American.  It's uh, it's always changing and sometimes, especially being this young, it's kind of difficult to figure out, but I guess it's kind of the adventure of life.
Sebi Medina Tayac: Alyssa, go ahead.
Alyssa Berrios: Ummm, my name is Alyssa and I lived in Silver Spring, Maryland for my entire life
and my mom-um-was actually born in Perth Amboy, New Jersey-but my grandma-um-came to America in 1969 from Pueblo, Mexico-
and my dad is from El Salvador-
and what I consider home is wherever my family lives.
Um- Um- I live in a single-parent household with my mom, so I consider anywhere- I consider home anywhere where she is, so everywhere we've moved around, that's where my home is.
Cita Sadeli: Hi, my name is Cita Sadeli- um- I'm also known as- uh- CHELOVE .
I'm a mural artist in the district. Um, I'm here with my partner, MASPAZ.
He'll tell you a little more about himself in a sec, but we're working on the art installation right behind you guys-
so the- uh we're both graffiti based, but now practicing mural artists in the area- um-
and we're bringing a little bit of that culture to-um- the Folklife Festival this year.
Umm, my heritage - my father is-uh- Irish, Scottish -um- with some Creek Indian and my mother is from- um- Semarang Java, Indonesia
um- but I also just did the DNA test, so I'm a whole bunch of other things which is interesting
um- so you never know- you know what you're- with- what's really in your blood.
But home to me is definitely DC. I grew up in PG county-um- but also in- umm- in Washington, DC-
um- so I've seen a lot of change so that's- that's um definitely home but also in Indonesia although it's far away, that's home for me too.
[SILENCE]
Federico Frum: Hello, Hello... My name is Federico Frum. I go by MASPAZ
and -um- I'm collaborating on this experience over here with um- um- Misses CHELOVE right here - my partner.
And we- uh- it's called [?Raza Mixta] which means-uh- mixed flavors.
[?Raza] means mi- uh- flavor in- um- Java, I believe in Indonesia and-um - [?mixta] means mixed in Spanish.
Um, I'm an artist here in- uh- local DC area. I live in Arlington, Virginia and- um- I  come from-uh- Bogota, Columbia.
I was adopted from an orphanage in Bogota, but I'm not even sure I'm really from Bogota.
Some people say I might be from Bucaramanga which is another city- um- so that's kind of interesting.
So- um- my Latino heritage plays a lot in who I am and I was raised by my mother who's sitting there in a nice purple shirt.
Everyone say,'Hey,momma.'[clapping] That's Jenifer Frum. She adopted me- um- from Bogota, Columbia.
Um, and she- as a single mother, she eventually married my father.
Um, so I was raised by American family and I am Latino and I am an artist here in the local area.
I've been painting murals for about 4, 5 years locally- um- and hope to paint a lot more, do a lot more stuff.
Home for me, I guess you could say home is Arlington.
Uh, maybe- I lived in New York for a little while. Home is Brooklyn, Bushwick, New York and I have family- yeah- and I have- uh- family friends in
Bogota,  Medellin, Quibdo- so I- I moved here- Columbia is also my home too.
[clapping]
Speaker 1: So, I hope that we can get some questions from the audience and maybe you two can stand up a tell a little about your story- where your home is and the terms of this migration thing- and one of the things I like to do is building up on the-the-um [?] and the idea of murals- uh- yeah- how do you express- how do you express your home? How do you express the ideas? Where do the murals themselves- uh- speak to that issue of home and when I get back to you I want you guys to start thinking about your questions, but I want to actually go to Tom. And Tom [stuttering] [?] he's the really art [stuttering] impresionario rapper or stuff like this. But at one time there was, in D.C. china town, a big mural that was a big community project. I don't know if you were involved in it with Harry Chow [inaudible]. Recently, I hear people people talking about- well the gentrification of China Town and then mural is not a part of the Chinese culture in the traditional culture and I'm not sure that's true, but I'm wondering if you can respond to that issue about murals, what it means in terms of community, how do you work together, or is as people said? That was a sort of a funny thing that happened several years ago that the- uh- at the time they were trying- before the [?], so let's talk about that and we then we'll get back to you guys talking about murals and how they represent what you think of it as community and home and if it- if it all.
Speaker 2: So as you posed that question- um- it [?] me thinking back to my college days and I was in this group called the Chinese culture club, but there was also another group called Hong Kong 80, there was also a group- Chinese Friendship Association. There was a Chinese group from China, Taiwan, Hong Kong, and then our group was these ABC- you know, America Boy Chinese- bananas, Twinkies, right- and so we had to go up in front of the student union group because they would only fund one Chinese group and they wanted to find out which one of these groups was the real Chinese student group and we all [?] like what- we're all real, we're all Chinese ethnically, right, our past- and then the Taiwan group and the Chinese group started [?] us and say those guys are not really Chinese, they are from America, they do not know Chinese culture... and I'm like what, ninja please. [background laughter] I didn't say that, but I was like you know what, we're representing and we're showing off to the rest of the student body what we grew up seeing Chinese culture as, so three generations into America, it may be a little bit diluted from the original recipe or-uh- you know- uh- process back in [?] China, but is real to us. This is our reflection of what our grandparents showed us as Chinese Americans or immigrants in this country- and so, not to take anything away from- uh- the mural, but when you said,"Hey,that's not representative of- of Chinese culture," that's what I thought of was- you know what, that's one guy who is ethnically Chinese, raised in the US in china Town and he put up a mural trying to explain maybe what his life evolved from, and so I wouldn't say that wasn't Chinese and represents Chinese Culture. That was one perspective of one guy who was raised in China Town.
Speaker 1: Ya, so it could be [stuttering] I mean- it could- uh- the person I mentioned [?] is an old tradition of Chinese, but i-it could be that we're not trying to imitate a Chinese culture or identity we are Chinese American, that itself is what we're trying to do and it could come- it could be expressed in different kinds of forms that we're not express in Ming Dynasty or Tong Dynasty. Le- so what do you think about [stuttering] what about murals, paintings, and graffiti. How do you use that to reconcile your heritage, home that [stuttering]
Speaker 3: Um [cough] so I always like to think back about where I kind of find-found my style and if you kind of look around you can see some of [mumbling] adorn around the side of-uh- [?] Um- but I work a lot with black and white and [?] where people say and I'm really inspired by Mayan art work which is kind of what I- that was the most Latino I could find growing up here in the D.C. neighbor- D.C. area. I was very inspired by Mexican art- um- Mayan Art, but I was also inspired by tapestries that my mom had in- in- that she brought back from Columbia which also had big bold lines and some cool colors and stuff and very abstract shapes, so something about it just me growing up- I've always been really interested in that kind of artwork and- um- there came a time when I just wanted to kind of make my own and kind of artwork kind of like this [?] abstract indigenous style and-um- and-uh- I've been working it out more and more but-uh- when it comes to me creating my art, it gives me a platform to create something that maybe is-uh- diminishing- maybe we don't see enough indigenous art from a Columbian here in America- um- maybe just at all, you know, so-um- as an artist I kind of have an opportunity to kind of bring back what I feel might be lost, or to just keep something alive- uh- as far as my indigenous heritage- um- so that play a big role in my art and- um- as like indigenous art there's always kind of a story to tell and always a lesson or something- so- um- in my art I find - I try to take advantage of it as much as I can and Kind of tell a message either about family or about nature- about-um- just respecting each other- um- so - uh- my heritage is that I don't really have cause of- I'm adopted from Columbia, but I do have- I try to recreate and-um- it gives me a lot of fulfilment-um- making this artwork-uh- and learning more about my past and everyday I create something, I'll go look back and Kind of- um-  always do some studying before I even make a mural or-uh- paint a piece on a box truck made out of the wood at the folklife festival, so yeah.
Speaker 1: How does, your Japanese background play in your art and so forth the --
Speaker 2: I mean, the Japanese background, um, we're known as uh,you know, craftspeople
Speaker 2: like, if you know anything about the traditions of Indonesia, they're very uh,
Speaker 2: Um, there's a lot of art, there's a lot of fine detail and mask-making
Speaker 2: Wayang Kulit, you know, the shadow puppets and the carvings
Speaker 2: you know, all these things, um, so definitely I think like, genetically, I've expressed that side of things
Speaker 2: you know, with it, I just really need to do stuff with my hands and -- um-- somehow it works out
Speaker 2: okay, but um, but to jump on what you're asking um, Federico, is interesting as uh -- we start out as like humble artists
Speaker 2: you know, as kids or whatever, but if you keep at it, become a professional,
Speaker 2: and then if you start -- um -- creating public art, you really have a responsibility
Speaker 2: I find myself having the-- a responsibility to really echo, you know, wherever the wall is that I'm painting.
Speaker 2: Like, I don't just want to come into someone's neighborhood and just kind of, do my own thing.
Speaker 2: I try to incorporate, um, talk to the folks, do some research
Speaker 2: Thankfully, I'm from D.C. so I know a lot about the areas that I've painted in already.
Speaker 2: I've been pretty lucky but, Um, this sense of home, and you know, you know, the old adage of
Speaker 2: you know, "Home is where the heart is" you might be from here, you're talking
Speaker 2: about, when you're hanging out with your mom, you're um, Panamanian,
Speaker 2: you know, and it kind of shifts, wherever you end up, um,
Speaker 2: you endear yourself to that space, especially you're uh, um,
Speaker 2: if you radiate, if you're involved in your life, and you, you,
Speaker 2: try to -- Um --  weave yourself into whatever situation you find yourself into
Speaker 2: So, Um it-it's cool thinking about place-making as an art form
Speaker 2: mural-making is definitely place-making
Speaker 1: yeah
Speaker 2: Um, it creates uh, uh, a physical landmark resulting in
Speaker 2: "Oh, meet me by the Marilyn Monroe Mural" or whatever
Speaker 2: Um, and people really, surprisingly, to me, uh, uhhhh
Speaker 2: establish this emotional connection to your artwork
Speaker 2: That's far beyond what you even feel, you're like "Hey,you know, cool"
Speaker 2: It really resonates with folks, so that's one thing that's really rewarding
Speaker 2: And I feel maybe can create a sense of home for people
Speaker 1: I think it's really wonderful, this idea of -- uh -- you two collaborating and how long you've been doing it, how you mix that
Speaker 1: and how you secure at the same time, that place, that mural, finding that risk- that neighborhood, making sure that you understand
Speaker 1: that, what it was about, and how do you use that space, to help you find that space
Speaker 1: at the same time, trying to fuse all the elements of your background, and your background together, in it together,
Speaker 1: creating something new, something of this sort.
Speaker 1: Does that make sense in any way, talking about it? How long have you guys working together, for
Cita Sadeli: About three years, but we've had independent careers before that.
Speaker 2: Yeah. When I get back to you, I want to ask you guys what's- what's the definition of graffiti art vs. like murals?
Speaker 2: But before getting there I do want to get Alyssa engaged in this conversation, and you work with the Gandhi Brigade, right?
Speaker 2: Can you tell us a little bit about that and the background of what that means for you?
Alyssa Berrios: Um, so I'm a part of an organization called Gandhi Brigade Youth Media and we are located in Silver Spring, Maryland.
Alyssa Berrios: And we're a- non-profit organization that advocates for youth voices- um- and any form of media such as documentaries or just short films or short videos
Alyssa Berrios: So last summer-um- well I joined last summer and last summer we got to create a documentary on police accountability, but with that, we wanted to show both sides of the story and I- um-
Alyssa Berrios: I even started going to the classes during the school year and I think through that- through this program, I've been able to express my feelings on some- um- some issues that I wouldn't really have talked about with like my friends, or my family, or just in general and
Alyssa Berrios: we're-um- we're- I really do enjoy the program just because social media is such a big platform where you can express your feelings about anything and that's like-
Alyssa Berrios: that's the main source where people find their information nowadays.
Alyssa Berrios: And to be able to post videos about like how- how our group feels about police accountability or immigration or women's rights.
Alyssa Berrios: It's- it's definitely a good feeling.
Alyssa Berrios: And to be able to share our documentaries and our short videos of people- um- and generate conversations is definitely very eye-opening
Alyssa Berrios: as well as being able to get- being able to capture other viewpoints that we wouldn't really be able to see.
Speaker 1: How would you recommend people to get engaged in some of your conversations? You have these topics. Are you- do you hold regular town halls or-or is it that kind of thing. How do you get these guys out here engaged in the [?] [?]?
Speaker 2: Well, sometimes we have a few- we have a few screenings of our documentary where- and that's where a lot people- um- come to visit and view our documentary and that's where we get to have a conversations so our- our first screening of our documentary we had- um- someone from the end of [?], we had a police officer, we had-like- some students, we had-um- some of the people from the Montgomery county council, and just general public and that's where people-um- are able to have conversations and you can always go onto YouTube or whatever platform-um- [?] [?] is located on or is, I guess, a part of and you can always have a conversation there and like- I mean it's - these types of- um- events that [?] [?] likes to be a part of and that's where we like to be able to engage with the public and- um- the community.
Speaker 1: [inaudible] Michael, tell us a little about yourself- you're like the third year as a photographer for the folklife festival, or longer than that- right?
Speaker 3: Uh, just about longer than that.
Speaker 1: Yeah.
Speaker 3: I've- uh- been working at the [?] [?] project which has been ongoing for quite a while and what we've been doing is- we've been documenting the way people dress and how it affects their culture and I think that was quite an important project for me because through that project it helped me learn a bit about myself and I never really had the opportunity to do that before.
[SILENCE]
Speaker 1: I was going to say something about- okay, so tell me if you can look at the way I'm dressing- what does that tell you? [chuckle] [laugh] [inaudible]
Speaker 3: Well...
Speaker 1: [inaudible] I'm just joking, don't say it.
Speaker 3: Alright. [laughter]
Speaker 1: Are there other- are there any questions- like I hope we get dialogue going- yes. [inaudible]
Speaker 1: education, formal education
[SILENCE]
Speaker 2: Um-[cough] I feel like going- I went to public school for high school and all the grades under, um- and I feel like public school is a real important platform just to... to know more about your community and to-uh- kind of have closer connection with-um- just the, the average person, you know, so for me I went to- I went to high school which is a public school. I did go to college-um- and college really helped me just learn many different traits in the arts, but I didn't go to college for graffiti art. That's just something I learned from the street and how to use a spray can and how to do silk screening- pretty much every craft I kind of used. I- I learned just on my own, but -um- college definitely helped me learn like photoshop and like computer stuff. Um, so- yeah it helped me a lot, you know, but I don't think college works for everybody.
Speaker 3: Tom, how about yourself? Did public education and how it expressed, how-
Speaker 4: Yeah, I grew up in Washington D.C., so uh my siblings and I, we went to D.C. public schools-um- private schools were really not an option for our family financially- um- and even after we moved out to Silver Spring, we stuck to the public schools. Um, but I think-um-uh- in our family and I think in a lot of-uh- Chinese and Asian families, education is very very-um- much stressed-uh- and you know, my mother who was-uh- born in China was very very strict. Didn't want us to play any ball, didn't want us to be outside, if you had any free time-uh- you should be reading or doing some math work books-uh- and - and I think, you know, having that everyday instilled in you, sort of builds that expectation that if you-uh- don't pursue that education, you're going to lea- you know, you're going to- uh- let your mom down, let you dad down and, so -uh- you know we were lucky. We did get through public schools and were able to get through college  an beyond and -uh- so-uh- I know that my grandfather's were not able to go to school. You know, they- they were just lucky to survive getting to America and having their kids and -uh- giving us a strong, strong start here. We also revere our elders by-uh- pursuing as much as that as possible and then turning around and-uh- pursuing our careers with, you know-umm- with verve and drive-uh- try and use that education further the next generation as well, so I think education in our family is very important-umm- you know, without it-uh- I think we'd be- definitely be struggling more and-um-we'd have a harder- harder time- um- assimilating.
Speaker 1: formal education and informal education
How's that affecting your life and affecting your thoughts?
Speaker 2: Is it relating to our culture specifically
Speaker 1: Yes, yes.
Speaker 2: I mean, it's weird because --Um -- You know, there are no indonesians really around
where I was, we really didn't have other Indonesians -- Um, kids. In our community
So, we-we weren't connected to that at all. If anything, it separated us from our culture
Speaker 1: The formal education separated--
Speaker 2: The formal -- uh -- t-the scenario or the -- Um--
Speaker 1: yeah
Speaker 2: Yeah, um, so as, as a younger person, you wanna assimilate. Um, you don't want to be different
But, it's, um, definitely took us more toward --uh -- an American upbringing, American lifestyle, American culture
Um
Speaker 1: How did you deal with that? How did you come to terms with that?
Speaker 2: Well, the cool thing is, we um, my mom, uh, we had all the embassies in D.C.
So my mom was part of the Indonesian Embassy, the Gamelan Troop, the orchestra, so we were there, like, every weekend
Um, so, in a sense it was um, uh, very extreme that we were completely separated but we had a connection to a resource that many don't have
Speaker 1: Hmmmm.
Speaker 2: You know? I never thought about it. That was a really good question.
It stumped me.
Speaker 1: Alright, so tell us a little bit about how heritage informs how you -- both you, Michael and others -- how does that heritage, whether its Panamanian, half-knowing Panamanian, or full-knowing Columbian or whatever,
how does that inform you and your decisions of love and perspectives of how you're doing things in your long life of eighteen years? {laughs]
Speaker 3: So, I, ok so I guess, education-wise, my heritage, it kind of makes me appreciate a good education
When my --uh, mother and my grandfather first moved over here, it was uh, so my grandfather could finish up his degree
And, uh, so I-I realized the importance of uh, of a good education and how much a person can prosper if they really -- you know -- stick it out and work hard
But, uh, identity-wise, it's been kind of hard because, I don't know,
this is a weird example, but, I do remember days when I'd come to school, and I'd open my lunch box, and I'd have something an American kid wouldn't necessarily eat
Speaker 1: Hm.
Speaker 2: Hm.
Speaker 3: I'd get like a bunch of questions, you know, for every bologna sandwich, I'd have oxtail, so, you know, that's always been a factor
Speaker 1: You're Lucky
Speaker 2: Well, Umm, education -educational wise-umm- my mom-um- only completed high school diploma and my dad dropped out-um- his sophomore year of high school, and then my grandparents didn't- weren't able to get their education in El Salvador and Mexico, so that's definitely been- um, it definitely affects my identity and how I grow up, um- so, my mom has always, like, pushed me to do good in school, she's always put me in, like, advanced classes and has told me that there's not- you don't really see many Latino students in AP classes or in honors classes, and I remember sophomore year in honors English, we were doing a project on where we were from and we had to go in our groups, I guess to simulate with the people that we connected with and at that moment I realized that I was the only Latino- Latina there, and I think that definitely shocked me. Um- I come from a family that was, well some of us were lucky enough to get their education, and since my mom has pushed me so much to do good in school, I've been able to join other programs- college programs, and those definitely allowed me to be able to prosper in school and be able to, um, I guess, be able to shape the way I'm going to grow up, so I'm going to be the first in my family to be able to go to college and have the opportunity to be able to college, and I guess, have a degree. And it's something that, that it's, it's, it's definitely a weight on my shoulders, but to be able to be the first in my family and to be able to show, like, my um, my grandparents
Speaker 1: That I can do it's- it's- it's amazing it's such and amazing feeling to [clapping begins] be able to see that [applaud continues]
Speaker 2: Are there questions from the audience, any thoughts?
[SILENCE] [background noise]
Speaker 3: Yes, I'd like to direct this question to [Sita?] and Rico. [Pause] I'm sure you know [?] have some-uh- urge to put stuff on public buildings. Well, the reason why I'm asking this question is I'm from Southern New Mexico, and I walked trails for the BLM and we have dams on the royals to catch the water because it's very dry. We have one particular dam that's favorite, people putting stuff on. So my question is, do you think there is anything the community could do to try and deter these people or you think just- they're just going to have that urge, they want to have the display opposed to [?] they don't really care where they put the graffiti cause it's, you know, they're putting it on- on a dam, it's not in a, in a national monument. I'm just wondering if there is some way we could offer them some other outlets in the community to do that?
Speaker 4: I mean one thing that has always helps is having an alternative, so if there are walls that are set up as a- you know- they call them, like open walls and- you know - provide a space for folks to come paint every weekend- You'll probably see that curve a little bit and everything in life you're going to have cool people and then people that are kind of jerks, so no matter what they're going to be tagging houses and cars and I mean those people are just- not much you can do about those folks but in general if you cultivate a culture where you're embracing it as an art form and -uh- watching these kids grow-you know- as we've done in our careers-um- from, you know, kids that are like tagging, to maybe they assist us on murals and- you know- now they're- um- doing larger corporate projects and they're now professionals- you know- you get to cultivate the culture and kind of help direct people to more- uhm- to- for options. I think it's always good.
Speaker 1: Now, maybe not- this is not like directed towards your situation, but I think it's always important to think when you see graffiti in the street you can always be like, "aw man, why is there graffiti in the street?" you know,"it's on this public building," and like,"there's something wrong with that," like,"we should stop this." But then we also forget to think that we are driving down the highway on 395 and you see some big billboard for, like Rolex, or you see like 'McDonald's next stop', you know? And you don't see a big sign that says like 'eat healthy vegetables' or like- or you don't see a sign that's this beautiful painting, you know? Like how nice would that be, you know? And, um, I feel like that's what's so important about street art, and graffiti, and anything free you see in a street. Now maybe you're not- graffiti is not free art to some people, to others its like a [[?]], it's like valuable. So the point to think about on avenues when you see graffiti on the monument, you know, or was this like disrespectful, you know, but there comes a point when like it's important to have art in the street, it's important to to say how you feel against- about- against sone governor, or the president, or anybody. It's important to express yourself
[Background noises] [Music] [Background Talking] [Music Continues] [Mic Tap] [Music Continues]
[background noise]
[SILENCE]
[background voice]